Sometimes it happens that you have the teams
just not and not in his
right length then i would get
recommend buying through the jeans bit
too long and you can just
itself that's not so hard you
just need to be clear what
shoes you just carry the women down
Maybe you cities too
want to wear and own preferences
have to know how long the jeans should be
cities put on shoes or mens
put on proper shoes
do that now barefoot to neutral to
stay constantly in front of the mirror and
take a pin with you
stretched legs if that still
can and pin you the pin
on the length you want to have
then align yourself again please and
checked in the mirror if that the
pin is stuck in about the height
to have that on if you want
your luck for the pants a bit
longer, until shorter because you the
pants and looks after and then
Just put this one
pin on the back of the heel where
you should then you have the pants
move out
So here is the pin
europeans desired length corresponds
You've controlled that well enough
that also has the right length and
now you need this is your finished
length needle and results with one
geodreieck or a ruler 25 cm in addition
length and draws you with a
tailor chalk on if you do not
tailor chalk you can have one
black pen or something to use as
wurscht
then you've marked this and you
put the pants so the two knew
the hem length is the same as you and before
backside simply both layers
put one on top of each other and then just that
cut off and now evil animal then the
fabric knew the fabric edges twice
an initial x 1 cm
most of you have
Let's go a hill from the user
where the seams are so thick
you have to print a bit more on the
winged tire once hammered
and hit it a second time
and if you have one each two times
centimeter impact then the need
jeans thick this legal 5 mm
therefore, are 25 cm and is the normal
Jeans
because the material is so thick that he is so
many roles continue to need over the
strength 25 cm for once the classy
Who wants to do that now ?
stuck even or directly
go into the machine
and now we will sew it all
but before that a trifle this
replica here where that twice
The power will be taken
most sewing machines
That's why I recommend you the following
take you any hard one
object a hammer he the
hopefully you have at home and knocks
you believe this is the closest thing you can do
not that what brings boots though
also takes the sport and the hammer
then it's easier to take on
the machine the pants is here now the
saum knew twice taken
one centimeter each we have the
trousers of the finished length 25 cm longer
so once cut twice and
whose the five millimeters and it
catch up
we have a machine threaded with
a thirty- year-old eger and one
thick needle and a thin under
drive and have to be at the household now
marching unfortunately this is no different
possible from the top we will go
only have the upper thread as beautiful
thick thread that makes us the winner
from the optics and go here after we
know we hit a cm
also have a centimeter of known
sinking the fusion and sinking
close daimler and therefore and now me
a lot here with the fingernail you feel
the edge under the fabric that is
so you do not just then not always there
so along for most so household
closer ones forget that namely the
egan thick and then look at the genes to
cut home from when you die
thick will ask the hammered
then the handwheel on the side of
the machine probably also in addition
the hand that can turn along
so that you really through art
heard how she acts
has done the machine and on
it's
now have the freshly cut pants
Look really cut off
but already have the beautiful
authentic jeans can
and these downforce phenomena there
you need to make room for the jeans
actually only a game about beer knows
Also take a nail file next to or
normal arrows then you just stop
a bit longer
then you click the edges so me
thought that with the blasphemy the papers
on
Watch out that you do not care about it
the nearness goes over the negernes over it
otherwise draw there is now more conscious
made his bend that did not want
and you see here how you already got that
getting hair away that's what you do
few centimeters you forge that
even if the right one
Want to have recently really wants the edge
Tense here and there go and long
then you hail yourself along and
do n't be surprised
as long as you did that for the first time
one sees not so much only
after washing the fibers become the
roughened here are torn away
final and then it gets really know
and then you have a relative
authentic a relatively authentic
Jeans
a little addition to the jeans
shorten
I have to admit that the technique with
emery paper not 100 percent
authentic teaching bridle
budersand tongue-breaker there is one
possibility often used by shops
becomes like a jeans with a real one
because tables are shortened
I'll take any one of those
if he has a particularly successful hem
the want to cut then you go easy
the desired length i own the way
make her now only with pins her
not a meadow, so to speak
not there or the pin
symbolize the seams along and
then it works out and then
you only see the seam here and there
the pants cut and has the
authentic hem on plan
the computer